Add note to schema documentation for identical schemas (#656)
confluentinc/terraform-provider-confluent: docs/resources/confluent_schema.md

-> **Note:** Use Option #2 to simplify the key rotation process. When using Option #1, to rotate a Schema Registry API key, create a new Kafka API key, update the `credentials` block in all configuration files to use the new Kafka API key, run `terraform apply -target="confluent_schema.orders"`, and remove the old Schema Registry API key. Alternatively, in case the old Schema Registry API Key was deleted already, you might need to run `terraform plan -refresh=false -target="confluent_schema.orders" -out=rotate-schema-registry-api-key` and `terraform apply rotate-schema-registry-api-key` instead.

> -> **Note:** When using Option #2, adding two identical schemas can lead to issues. [Here](https://github.com/confluentinc/terraform-provider-confluent/issues/619#issuecomment-2765360562)  is the solution for this issue. This also applies to trying to delete a ruleset which results in an already existing schema.

Reviewer: how about something like

> Note: When using [Option #1](...) (managing the latest schema version only), Terraform drift can occur when evolving a schema to a version that existed previously. See [this comment](...) for a workaround.

> -> **Note:** When using Option #1 (managing the latest schema version only), Terraform drift can occur when evolving a schema to a version that existed previously. See this [comment](https://github.com/confluentinc/terraform-provider-confluent/issues/619#issuecomment-2765360562) for a workaround. This also applies to trying to delete a ruleset which results in an already existing schema.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
-> **Note:** When using [Option #1 (managing the latest schema version only)](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/confluentinc/confluent/latest/docs/resources/confluent_schema#default-option-1-manage-the-latest-schema-version-only-the-resource-instance-always-points-to-the-latest-schema-version-by-supporting-in-place-updates), Terraform drift can occur when evolving a schema to a version that existed previously. See this [comment](https://github.com/confluentinc/terraform-provider-confluent/issues/619#issuecomment-2765360562) for a workaround.
```

-> **Note:** The Confluent Cloud Console uses the following default values: `on_success = "NONE"` and `on_failure = "ERROR"`. However, the TF Provider sets its defaults to `on_success = "NONE,NONE"` and `on_failure = "ERROR,ERROR"`.

> -> **Note:** When editing rulesets from the schema, Terraform drift can occur when evolving a schema to a version that already exists. See this [comment](https://github.com/confluentinc/terraform-provider-confluent/issues/619#issuecomment-2765360562) for more details and a workaround.

Reviewer: **Note:** When using [Option #1 (managing the latest schema version only)](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/confluentinc/confluent/latest/docs/resources/confluent_schema#default-option-1-manage-the-latest-schema-version-only-the-resource-instance-always-points-to-the-latest-schema-version-by-supporting-in-place-updates) and editing rulesets, Terraform drift can occur when evolving a schema to a version that existed previously. See this [comment](https://github.com/confluentinc/terraform-provider-confluent/issues/619#issuecomment-2765360562) for more details and a workaround.

> -> **Note:** When deleting rulesets from the schema, Terraform drift can occur when evolving a schema to a version that already exists. See this [comment](https://github.com/confluentinc/terraform-provider-confluent/issues/619#issuecomment-2765360562) for more details and a workaround.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
-> **Note:** When editing rulesets from the schema, Terraform drift can occur when evolving a schema to a version that already exists. See this [comment](https://github.com/confluentinc/terraform-provider-confluent/issues/619#issuecomment-2765360562) for more details and a workaround.
```
